# GuessTheNumber1022

Name of Team:NOMM

Group Members
First name: Adeola
Last name:Omojola
York Email: omojola@my.yorku.ca
Lecture Section:M
Lab Section:4

First name:Omar
Last name:Berjaoui
York Email:omarb02@my.yorku.ca
Lecture Section:M
Lab Section:2

First name:Joshua
Last name:McCarron
York Email:joshmcc@my.yorku.ca
Lecture Section:N
Lab Section:3

First name:Yukun
Last name:Xie
York Email:robertx@my.yorku.ca
Lecture Section:O
Lab Section:2

Project Title:
Guess the Number
 
Project Description:
The app will be called “Guess the Number”. How it will work is that the user will have a specific number of attempts to guess the random number generated by the app. If the guess is correct, the user maintains the original number of attempts, is awarded and continues the game with a different number to guess. If the user guesses wrong, the app will prompt them on whether or not their guess was higher or lower than the intended number. Once the user runs out of attempts their score will be shown on a leaderboard.

There will also be different levels the user can choose to play. The difficulty in levels will be based on how large the range of numbers will be. For example, if the user selects level one the range of numbers would be from 1 to 3, but if they were to select a higher level the range could be from 1 to 10, or 20. There will also be different sections in the leaderboard, indicating which level the user chose, and the score they achieved.
 
 
 
Functional Requirements:
-User is asked to input their name.
-The user is given the option to choose the difficulty they want to play.
-There will be three difficulty levels namely easy, medium and hard
-Level easy will be set by generating the number starting from 1 and incrementing the number by 1
-Level easy will be set by generating the number starting from 2 and incrementing the number by 3
-Level hard will be set by generating the numbers at complete random
-To start, the user is given three lives.
-The app prompts the player to guess a number within the range of numbers (depends on the level chosen)
-If the number guessed is right, the user moves on to the next level
-A new number is then generated for the level
-If the guess is incorrect, the user loses a life 
-They are told if their guess was lower or higher than the generated number
-They will then be given the option to guess again
-If the player loses all of their lives, the game ends and they are taken to the leaderboard
-The leaderboard shows each player’s score from highest to lowest
-Throughout the game, the user is always given the option to quit
-At the end, the app displays a play again screen if the user wants to try again



